doc(release) Release notes hotfix-oss 25.10 jun26 (#5369)
centreon/centreon-documentation: versioned_docs/version-25.10/releases/centreon-os.mdx

</details>

## June 3, 2026

### Centreon Web 25.10.13

<details>
  <summary>Bug fixes</summary>

> - [Remote Server] Fixed configuration export clearing logger settings and ACLs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Remote Server] Fixed an issue where exporting the configuration of a remote server would reset certain settings and ACLs for that server.
```
